Your Feature Document Must Include

1. Feature Name: Budgeting section
2. User Story: User is now able to create a budgeting template to help them stay on track and hold them
accountable for overspeeding in certain areas.

Format:
3. Why this adds value to the project
this adds value to the project because we have yet to implement a budgeting feature for our application LOOT. And what is 
a tracking expesne app without a budgeting section. This would help users stay up-to-date on the things they spend and setting 
restrictions on what they spend on.

4. What layers it touches:
• UI: create a new setup page for budgeting that shows cases the users budgeting for certain categories and their ammount
• Backend: create routes to the server and db to update and modify tables if need once budgeting is introduced
• Database: create expense and budgeting tables on the DB 
• External API if applicable: none

Feature: Budgeting section

1. Problem Statement
What problem does this solve?
This implements a budgeting section to our app to have users focused on meeting a monthly goal. They will be able 
to setup budgets for different categories and sections. A problem this solves would be for users staying on track of their expense, alerting them if they go over their 
set budget.

2. User Flow
Step by step from start to finish
- user accesses budeting via budgeting webpage
- clicks on (add budget) button to add new  button connecting their account to a new budgeting sheet
- from their the add categories and amounts to each one to keep track of that expense
- they are able to add multiple different budgeting "templates" 

3. Technical Plan
Frontend changes:
Create a new page for budgeting
create add new budget button
images/scale that shows the users budgeting 

Backend routes: 
route to the database connects and updates the budgeting table for each user. 
This route will also include queries to create a new budgeting description or alter. 
route to the databqse that updates the amount per budgeting section. 
route to retireve data

Database changes
Files expected to be created or modified
create an expenses table 
create budgeting table
add mock data to test 

4. API Changes: none
New routes: none
Modified routes: none
Request and response structure: none

5. Database Changes
New tables: expense and budgeting
Schema updates: update budgeting shcema when user adds a new plan to their budget with the amount 

6. Acceptance Criteria
user is able to submit form 
data changes are saved in the database
throws error if something is off
updates
test features once UI, DB, and backend are complete 
